Update remove-former-employee-step-6.md (#10928)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/add-users/remove-former-employee-step-6.md

# Step 6 - Remove and delete the Microsoft 365 license from a former employee

> If you don't want to pay for a license after someone leaves your organization, you need to remove their Microsoft 365 license and then delete it from your subscription. You can assign a license to another user if you don't delete it. Before you remove a license you MUST remove all holds for the user. For more information regarding holds: [Remove an In-Place Hold in Exchange Online](/exchange/security-and-compliance/create-or-remove-in-place-holds)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to pay for a license after someone leaves your organization, you need to remove their Microsoft 365 license and then delete it from your subscription. You can assign a license to another user if you don't delete it. Before you remove a license you _must_ remove all holds for the user. For more information about holds, see [Remove an In-Place Hold in Exchange Online](/exchange/security-and-compliance/create-or-remove-in-place-holds).
```
